Update build instructions to use localhost ip (#26)
ros-realtime/rtwg_documentation: README.md

```bash
cd build
python3 -m http.server --bind 127.0.0.1
```

> It will be accessible remotely at http://127.0.0.1:8000

Author: ```suggestion
It will be accessible remotely at http://<remote_ip_address>:8000
```
